they gathered along Salah the Gaza
strip's Main North South Road hoping to
receive a food hand out without a
warning an Israeli strike hit them at
least 20 people were killed and more
than 100
[Music]
injured in Han units Israeli strikes
targeted several locations the injured
were rushed to the few remaining health
centers in the besieged city the morat
Naser hospital is full the dead are
buried in a hurry not in a cemetery but
the hospital
[Applause]
compound the Israelis are firing their
bullets on the door of the mall the
Israelis shot everyone they kill
[Applause]
everyone the bombardment of Han unun has
forced tens of thousand to seek refuge
in raer those lucky enough to survive
the Israeli strikes in north and Central
Gaza go to overcrowded camps in Rafa
there is no help for them there but they
feel anywhere is safer than kanun and
Gaza City Israeli strikes hit a
residential building in the city the
victims were mostly women and
children we were sitting at home and all
of a sudden a strike hit the nearby
mosque the whole area close to it was
destroyed the occupation claims that
Rafa is a safe Zone we came to Rafa
based on the occupation's instructions
that it was a safe Zone only to discover
that it's just like the other areas it's
targeted without prior warning and
without informing people to
evacuate with no signs of an end to the
Israeli Onslaught civilians will
continue to pay a heavy price mm Al
jaaz Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
here